
# Project Scope

You are a group of creative, innovative, and energetic programmers who intend to grab the text from
the internet with aim of analysing textual data such as customer feedback, social media conversations
and textual documents to understand customer experiences, preferences and needs with
consideration of diverse cultural differences.
Each team shall come up with the project proposal, collect textual data using web scraping with
python, clean data with text pre-processing and build text classification model. 




## Business Scenario

Adventure Works Cycles (AWC) is an international manufacturer and seller of bicycles
and accessories. The company’s headquarters is located in Bothell, Washington, USA
and have 3 main regional sales offices in America, European and the Pacific. AWC would
like to expand their sales to their best customers, extending its product availability
through an external website, while maintaining the lower production costs. AWC sales
mainly come from two sales channels, such as resellers and internet/online. There are
three major product categories for AWC online sales namely bikes, clothing and
accessories & components. The core income for AWC is obtained by selling three main
brands of bikes such as mountain bikes, road bikes and touring bikes bicycles. An
additional income is generated by selling cycling accessories such as bottles, caps, gloves,
jerseys, and components namely bike racks, brake chains, handlebars etc.
## Project Background

The trend toward digital business is overwhelming due to the paradigm shift in the
business world. However, Adventure Works Cycles (AWC) was comparatively behind the
line as they only started their online business in the year 2010. AWC also claimed that
internet sales have not been achieving the set target, thus the sales performance showed
a declining trend. This resulted in decreased sales and missed revenue targets over the
years. The sales and marketing team of AWC worked to improve the marketing
alignments and increase online sales by discovering business insights via analysing the
data for better decision making.
As a business analyst employed by AWC, you are tasked to analyse the data of AWC and
present a data story using Tableau. Your data story is required to fulfil the objectives listed
below.
1. To examine the prevailing situation of the internet sales of AWC via descriptive analytics methods.
2. To draft valid recommendations to AWC by evaluating the customer buying behaviour to improve their future internet sales.
## Key Tasks

Task 1: Data Loading and Model Relationships in Tableau

Task 2: Develop Interactive and Effective Dashboards using Tableau

Task 3: Narrate a Data Story using Tableau Story Point
